dynamic grant endpoint discovery (#451)
ietf-wg-gnap/gnap-core-protocol: draft-ietf-gnap-core-protocol.md

If issued, the resulting access token would contain sufficient access to be used
at both referenced resources.

## Dynamic grant endpoint discovery {#grant-discovery}

> Except in the previous case where "as_uri" is provided by the RS at runtime, no other method are detailed on how the grant endpoint is provided. This is intentional, as many cases are just fine with static setups (just as in OAuth 2). However, the dynamic nature of GNAP makes it a good candidate for further extensions that would be able to handle more advanced scenarios.
> 

Reviewer: I see what you're going for, but this might be a better way to state it, would like to hear your thoughts:

```suggestion
Additional methods of discovering the appropriate grant endpoint for a given application
are outside the scope of this specification. This limitation is intentional, as many applications
rely on static configuration between the client instance and AS, as is common in OAuth 2.0.
However, the dynamic nature of GNAP makes it a prime candidate for other extensions defining methods
for discovery of the appropriate AS grant endpoint at runtime. Advanced use cases could define
contextual methods for contextually  providing this endpoint to the client instance securely.
Furthermore, GNAP's design intentionally requires the client instance to only know the grant
endpoint and not additional parameters, since other functions and values can be disclosed
and negotiated during the grant process.

```
